docs(contributing): basic layout (#199)
ansys/pyworkbench: doc/source/contribute/user.rst

> Contributing as a user
> ######################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contribute as a user
####################
```

Users can contribute in a variety of ways, such as reporting bugs, requesting
new features, testing in-development features, starting discussions, answering
questions, and sharing their work with the community.

.. warning::

    Do not include any proprietary or sensitive information when reporting bugs
    or showcasing your work.

.. grid:: 1 1 3 3

    .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`bug` Report bugs
        :padding: 2 2 2 2
        :link: report-bugs
        :link-type: ref

        Found a bug? Report it here.

    .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`lightbulb` Request a new feature
        :padding: 2 2 2 2
        :link: request-a-new-feature
        :link-type: ref

        Got an idea for a new feature? Share it!

    .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`vial-circle-check` Test a new feature
        :padding: 2 2 2 2
        :link: test-a-new-feature
        :link-type: ref

        Anxious to try out a new feature? Here's how you can do it.

    .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`comments` Start a discussion
        :padding: 2 2 2 2
        :link: start-a-discussion
        :link-type: ref

>         Want to discuss something? Start a discussion here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Want to discuss something? Start or contribute to a discussion.
```
I assume that you'd want to sure a discussion on a topic doesn't already exist?

Author: Good catch!

    .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`comment-dots` Answer questions
        :padding: 2 2 2 2
        :link: answer-questions
        :link-type: ref

        Help others by answering their questions.

    .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`bullhorn` Share your work
        :padding: 2 2 2 2
        :link: share-your-work
        :link-type: ref

        Share your work with the community.

.. _report-bugs:

Report bugs
===========

> If you encounter a bug or an issue while using the project, please report it.
> Your feedback helps to identify problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a bug or an issue while using the project, report it.
Your feedback helps to identify problems and get them resolved.
```

- Search the `PyWorkbench issues`_ to see if the issue has already been reported.

> - Create a new issue if it hasn’t been reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an issue if one doesn't already exist.
```

>   - Include a clear description of the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Include a clear description of the issue.
```
Using the same term consistenly is recommended.

  - Provide steps to reproduce the issue.
  - Mention the version of the project you're using.
  - Include screenshots or logs if possible.

.. _request-a-new-feature:

Request a new feature
=====================

Do you have an idea for a new feature or an improvement? Your suggestions are

> welcome. You can request a new feature by creating an issue in the `PyWorkbench issues`_
> board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
welcome. You can request a new feature by creating an issue on the `PyWorkbench issues`_
page.
```

Author: Pages is more accurate. Thanks for this detailed review, Kathy.

.. _test-a-new-feature:

Test a new feature
==================

> It is possible to test a new feature before it is officially released. To do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test a new feature before it is officially released. To do
```

so, you can install PyWorkbench from the source code.

.. _start-a-discussion:

Start a discussion
==================

> Complex topics may require a discussion. Whether you want to know how to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complex topics might require a discussion. Whether you want to know how to use
```

PyWorkbench for solving your specific problem or you have a suggestion for a new
feature, a discussion is a good place to start. You can open a new discussion

> in the `PyWorkbench discussions`_ section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the `PyWorkbench Discussions`_ page.
```
If it's the PyWorkbench Issues board, use board here.

.. _answer-questions:

Answer questions
================

Another great way to contribute is to help others by answering their questions.
Maintain a positive and constructive attitude while answering questions. If you
don't know the answer, you can still help by pointing the person in the right
direction.

.. _share-your-work:

Share your work
===============

If you have used PyWorkbench to create something interesting, share it with the rest

> of the community. You can share your work in the `PyWorkbench discussions`_. Include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the community. You can share your work on the `PyWorkbench discussions`_ page. Include
```

> a brief description of your work and any relevant links that others may find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a brief description of your work and any relevant links that others might find
```
